c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Fabrikam.dll
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Fabrikam.pdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.dll
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.pdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.dll.mdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Fabrikam.dll.mdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.dll.mdb
c:\users\rayne\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Fabrikam.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rayne\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\obj\Debug\Fabrikam.dll.mdb
C:\Users\rayne\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\Fabrikam\bin\Debug\Fabrikam.dll.mdb
